[ clattering in distance ] Leroy?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[ glass shatters ]
Leroy, that's you?
[ rattles ]
[ chuckles ]
It's okay.
It's me ... Daniel.
[ clatter in distance ]
You okay?
You need help?
[ grunts ]
Jane!
I'm double-parked ... come on.
Jane: Just give me a sec.
You know, I've given you 1,200 secs.
I've been sitting
outside waiting for you.
- [ sternly ] Just chill out.
- My ... in a bad mood.
Maybe the flat tire was an omen
and you should just stay home today.
- Have you even showered?
- No.
This is what you look like
when there's no running water.
- Again?
- Yes, again.
I did tell you not to buy it.
When it was an
apartment, it was perfect,
and then it found out
it was becoming a condo,
and then everything
started falling apart.
You can have it for a cup of coffee.
All right, come on.
We'll stop on the way.
[ keys jingle ]
That better be the building manager.
Uh, hey, Jane.
I thought you would be
gone [chuckling] by now.
Why, because I've been waiting
for you since yesterday, Gilbert?
Gil. [ chuckling ] Man.
Impatient, right?
- She hasn't showered.
- Or had a cup of coffee.
Please, tell me.
When did Boston join the third world?
I have seven renters to keep happy.
Condo owners are last priority.
You can always sell.
You know what?
Don't start again with that, okay?
Just get me some water ... please.
I'll see what I can do.
- Is that it?
- Yeah, that's it.
W... was he just staring at my boobs?
47% of men look at a woman's
breasts during a conversation.
- Every time?
- It's unclear.
[ door opens ]
♪ If you were payin' by the
pound, I'd be a rich man ♪
Why would you bring the poop inside?
- Hey, Maura.
- Hello, Tommy.
- Let's go.
- Just make sure that Gilbert skeevy
doesn't go through my underwear.
- Clean ones or dirty?
- Oh, my god, Tommy.
Could you ... don't!
Throw that away.
Outside.
[ groans ]
[ metal clattering ]
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ addic7ed.com ~
4x06 - Somebody's Watching Me
Woman: Non-fat,
no-foam latte for Maura.
Thank you.
- Triple latte for Claire.
- Thank you. Have a lovely day.
Excuse me.
I ordered before her.
- Double-frap, no whip for Bill.
- Thank you.
- And I ordered before him.
- Be patient.
- She says, as she drinks her latte.
- I'm gonna go get some stevia.
I'm gonna watch people
who ordered after me
get their coffee before me.
Oh, I love your outfit.
It's so cute.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Have you seen the stevia?
Yeah. Right here.
Oh, love this stuff.
Double-shot espresso for Reggie.
- Hey, thanks.
- You're welcome.
[ cellphone vibrates ]
Hey, we got a call.
How long ... did you go to Costa
Rica to get the coffee beans?
How long does it take to make a latte?
Some people are so grumpy.
Jane.
Thank you.
Half-caf non-fat latte for Jeff.
First I'm freezing,
and then I'm sweating.
It's like, global
warming is so upsetting.
Excuse me.
[ louder ] Excuse me.
I-I didn't hear you.
You don't have to be rude.
- Just trying to get to work.
- Well, someone's in a bad mood.
It'd be better if you would
just share the milk and sugar.
Okay. All right.
[ grunts ]
- Oh, my gosh, I'm so sorry.
- Oh, god.
- What happened?
- Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my god, what ...
Jane, what happened?
Oh, your friend threw her coffee at me.
No. No, no, no. I-I didn't.
It was an accident. I'm so sorry.
It was on purpose.
- No, no. You bumped into me. I'm s...
- I bumped into you? You burned me.
I mean, I wasn't moving
fast enough for you.
I'm really, really sorry. Are you okay?
Are you burned?
Don't touch me. Don't...
don't touch me again.
I didn't touch you at all. Don't ...
I'm a doctor. Can I ...
can I help you?
Just ... everyone just
get away from me, okay?
- It was an accident.
- Okay, Jane. Let's just go.
What a bitch.
Okay.
Let's just get out of here.
- I didn't mean to.
- Of course you didn't.
- And I didn't get any coffee.
- Here, take mine.
- What about you?
- It's okay. Let's go.
[ sirens wailing ]
Reporter: It's a fluid situation
in this usually quiet
Boston neighborhood.
What we know so far ... an
elderly man holed up inside...
Reporter #2: That's right, Denise.
We've just arrived at the scene
of a tense standoff between an
elderly man and Boston police.
Wow.
Homicide's running the scene?
Only till SWAT gets here.
We think the guy in the
standoff killed somebody inside.
Charlie: Sir, please, step back.
Dude... who's that?
Damn. She must be from
the new crop of rookies.
Does she know how hot she is?
Why don't you go over
there and tell her?
Detective.
Stop checking out the pretty
cop and make yourselves useful.
I need eyes around the back.
Man: Hey, e-excuse me.
Any idea how long my
street's gonna be blocked?
Might be a few hours.
Do you know the guy in the house?
- Leroy? Uh, he's crazy.
- What do you mean by crazy?
You know, nut-ball conspiracy theorist.
He's always going off
about, uh, U.F.O.s and
government spies and...
Well, I guess I better
call my office, huh?
Officer Hansen?
Let me introduce you.
Detectives, this is
officer Charlotte Hansen.
Oh, Charlie.
Nice to meet you.
We need eyes in the back.
Take Charlie, show her the ropes.
I'll be out front.
- Yeah. Right here.
- Okay.
[ helicopter blades whirring ]
[ siren chirps ]
[ police radio chatter ]
Oh. You look like you've
already had a bad morning.
Me? Oh, no.
I haven't showered,
I had a skeevy building
manager check out my boobs,
I spilled 16 ounces of hot
coffee on some perfect stranger.
Yeah, no, I'm great.
- Operations said there was a body inside?
- Well, all we know for sure
is what the gunman
told the 911 operator.
Operator: 911. What is your emergency?
Leroy: They're watching
me, stealing from me!
Sir, please stay calm.
I need your address.
[ voice breaking ]
Oh, no, no. Daniel's dead.
It's possible he's suffering
from persecutory delusions.
Who's Daniel?
We think it's a sanitation
worker ... Daniel Raine.
We found his truck at
the end of the block.
- What do we know about the gunman?
- Leroy Grovner.
72-year-old retired engineer,
lives alone, no relatives.
Do we know if he's on any medications?
Oh, he doesn't trust doctors.
Last time he saw one was
in the E.R. six months ago.
- Psychotic break?
- Broken hip.
First responders said
they tried to talk to him
but he said,  if he talks,
itwill only be to a lady cop.
Stay away from my house!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Hold your fire!
- Hold your fire! You see what I see?
- Yeah. Smoke. He's shooting blanks.
All right. Everybody just stand down.
- Hey, stand down. He's shooting blanks.
- Maura, come on.
It's all right ... easy.
Mr. Grovner. It's okay.
- What do you want?!
- It's all right, okay?
We... we just want to ...
we want to help Daniel.
Okay?
Can we do that, please?
I'm a doctor. If you let me
see him, maybe I can help him.
Leroy: Oh.
Oh.
Oh, all ... all right.
But it ... b-but I-it's a ...
it's a mess down ... down there.
Can I hold that for you?
It's all right.
All right. Thank you.
Officer: Stand down!
All right. It's all right.
You know what?
Why ... why don't we go sit
down in one of the cars, okay?
Why don't you take this?
Go check on Daniel.
All right.
- Let's ... just go right over here. Okay?
- Okay.
- Jane: Maura?
- Down here.
- He's been dead for a few hours.
- When's the power coming back on?
We get lost down here,
they're never gonna find us.
Public works doesn't
know why it went off,
so they're having a
hard time restoring it.
Yeah. It's a garbage man, all right.
Daniel Raine.
Works for the sanitation department.
- What's he doing down here?
- Overtime?
You have enough light?
Enough to see a penetrating wound
resulting in a subarachnoid hemorrhage.
What's unusual is the wound pattern.
Somebody hit him hard.
That's a lot of blood.
What did they hit him with?
A lawn mower?
Sewing machine? Crock-pot?
I think we can rule out the crock-pot.
Whatever it was, it had
a very sharp, jagged edge.
We talked to the neighbors.
They said Leroy started screaming
about space ships and little green men.
Yeah, right after the lights went out.
Then he started shooting.
Okay, so the aliens landed,
and he lost his marbles.
Well, maybe they're down here.
Seems like everything else is.
Except the murder weapon.
All right, let's, uh,
let's start a search.
Korsak: Hey. An 8-track player.
And a flowbee.
- I always wanted one of these.
- Next birthday. On me.
Jane: Hey, Korsak, let's you and I
go back and interrogate Leroy.
Frost, Frankie, you
guys do the search, okay?
- Frankie: Okay.
- Why me?
Well, it's either hoarder
duty or liquor licenses for me.
I'm gonna have to get this
body back to the morgue.
Well, leave Frankie, then I can
start the background investigation.
- All right.
- Charlie: Detectives. Need anything else?
Uh, yeah. Detective Frost was just...
- ...leaving.
- Well, I-I could use your help.
Okay.
You know what, Detective Frost?
Why don't you stay?
Yeah. Yeah, uh, there's
a lot of work to do here.
[ clears throat ]
Yes, there's a lot of work to do here.
[ gasps ] Crazy, right?
Almost 49,000 hits already.
It's going totally viral.
Okay, how do you get
it off of this thing?
- I don't want people to see this.
- It's funny, Ma.
Aww.
Isn't that nice?
- Enjoying a video of your sweet daughter.
- You saw it?
Several times, along with everyone
at headquarters. Let's see it again.
- Oh.
- It really gives me a chuckle.
Woman: Someone's in a bad mood.
You trying ... you trying ... you
trying ... [ chuckles ] [ sighs ]
Jane: I didn't touch you at
all. I didn't touch you at all.
Oh! Oh!
[ groans ]
[ laughter ]
Oh, you must be very proud.
- It's awesome.
- Get away.
She's gonna be famous, mom.
I'm gonna send her the link.
Don't you do that!
You catch the garbage
man stealing your stuff,
you whack him over the head.
Maybe you didn't mean
to hit him so hard.
I don't like it in here.
I'm only talking to the nice lady.
I got this.
It's okay, Leroy. I'm here.
Why don't you just
tell me what happened?
Not you. You took my gun.
The nice doctor lady.
I'm Dr. Maura Isles.
Can you tell me your name?
Leroy. Leroy Grovner.
- Hello, Mr. Grovner.
- Jane: Let's start with...
"no one likes it when
someone steals your stuff."
I don't see the value
in stating the obvious.
But ... but it's ... it's
my name, and you asked.
Just say it.
I'm sure you felt frustrated
when your belongings were taken.
I thought I was going crazy at first.
And I'm not crazy, you know.
My things, they were
disappearing into thin air.
But then I realized who it was ... them.
- "Them"?
- Mm-hmm.
They've been sniffing
around, spying on me.
Ask him who.
- Who's been spying?
- Them ... stealing and spying.
- Who's "them"?
- I-I had to put a stop...
Poor old guy, I wonder if he even knows.
So, the next time I heard them over me,
I used the bug zapper.
Got them good.
Okay, ask him what he
means by "got them."
- How did you get them?
- Took them down.
They were mad. They came
looking for me because I had it.
- You had what?
- They got ... they got Daniel instead.
Okay.
Ask him about the bug zapper.
Is that the murder weapon?
Leroy, is that how Daniel died?
You zapped him?
No, I ... I didn't kill him.
He was my friend!
He gave me good stuff from
his ... from his garbage route.
He even gave me a TX-78 sump pump.
You think Daniel was bringing
stuff for the basement, and then
- Leroy got confused and killed him?
- Yeah, maybe.
I hate to speculate. We don't
know what Daniel was doing there.
Hey, who are you talking to?
- Are they here?
- I-I ...
- They're here.
- No, Leroy. Nobody is here.
It's not gonna work.
You can't have my things!
How does a frail 79-year-old
with a hip fracture
- take out a guy Daniel's size?
- Adrenaline? Fear?
No one's here but me.
[ police radio chatter ]
That may be a killer ass, but
it's not the murder weapon.
Yay.
- Glad the power's back on.
- Yay.
[ chuckles ]
- She's not your type.
- Oh, oh, that's my type.
- In your dreams.
- Well, so she's your type?
She's exactly my type.
[ sighs ]
I mean, do you guys know what
the murder weapon looks like?
I'll have more information
once I hear back from
the medical examiner,
but look for anything that
could be used as a club.
Okay, yeah. I'm getting a lot of
electric blankets and blenders.
Me, too. I mean, I-I got a
pogo stick, a dentist drill.
[ chuckles ]
- And... what the hell is this?
- Oh, my gosh. That's an aebleskiver pan.
My grandma, she's Norwegian.
Uh, she makes them all the time.
They're, like, these
cute little pancake balls.
Yum.
Introduce me to your grandmother.
Okay. [ chuckles ]
- Uh, so, do we just bag it all, or...
- [ clears throat ] Um, well, uh...
He's pretty junior.
I'm in homicide, so...
let's bag everything
near where the body was.
Got it.
Whoa, sir.
This is a crime scene.
Oh, no, it's okay. I live next door.
No, it isn't okay.
I need to ask you to leave now.
I, uh, brought you some lemonade.
I thought you guys might be thirsty.
No. We're not thirsty.
Come on. Let's go.
Yeah, well, why don't I...
I'll just leave it here?
You can bring the pitcher back later.
The yellow house with
the white picket fence.
No, you can't leave that here.
Come on.
- Oh.
- Let's go.
Oh, sure. Yeah, yeah.
Oh, listen, uh, Leroy, uh,
borrowed a bunch of stuff
over the years and never returned it,
so if you happen to come
across a metric wrench set
or, uh, a pair of old hockey skates,
uh, I'd really like to get them back.
- We'll keep an eye out.
- Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
[ door closes ]
He was struck at least
twice, and whatever
instrument was used left
an odd pattern in the wound.
Leroy had enough odd crap in his house
to keep craigslist in business
for the next 2,000 years.
Can you narrow it down?
Hmm.
It's interesting.
Symmetrical linked
hexagons, like a honeycomb.
Would be the first time anybody died
from being bashed in
the head with a beehive.
It's not a beehive.
I'm putting my money on
an electric toothbrush.
Or maybe the knitting machine.
You know, I've never
seen anything like it.
Gonna have Susie take a look
and see what she can find
in the tool-mark
identification database.
- Okay.
- There's particulate in the wound.
- I'll run it through GCMs.
- Okay. [ computer chimes ]
Oh. That's Frost and Frankie.
Want to tell them what to look for.
Hey, Dr. Isles.
We're still sorting through junk.
Nothing promising so far.
Well, the murder weapon
is approximately the
size of a baseball bat.
Yeah, and it has a
beehive attached to it.
A who?
It has an edge that will
look like a honeycomb.
So... it's not robotman?
You know what, Frankie?
Why don't you try acting
like a real Detective?
Oh, you mean like this?
[ deep voice ] Out of my way,
or I'm gonna throw my
extra-hot triple latte on you!
[ high-pitched voice ]
Oh, no! Please don't, officer!
[ roars ]
[ screams ]
Wait a minute. How do
you know about that?
You haven't seen it?
Seen what?
Go on youtube.
[ laughs ]
[ sighs ]
Okay.
Okay, now type in
"mean Detective Jane."
[ keyboard clacking ]
[ siren wails ]
I didn't touch you at all.
Oh! Oh! Oh!
[ Groans ]
It was on purpose.
You know what? Don't...
don't touch me again.
I didn't touch you at all.
- What a bitch.
- Here, take mine.
Oh!
Wait. No.
I didn't say that!
They must have lip-dubbed you.
That is expert editing.
Okay, wait, now you're an
expert on viral videos, too?
Come on, it's funny.
Woman: Oh! Oh! Oh!
[ groans ]
It was on purpose.
You know what? Don't
... don't touch me again.
[ chuckling ]
Oh! Oh! Oh!
[ groans ]
Et tu, Brute?
- Well, it is kind of funny.
- Not if you're me.
- Hi, honey.
- Oh, yay. I'm pregnant.
Don't I have to have sex to be pregnant?
Okay, for heaven's sake,
we had a party for
Darlene in accounting.
I thought you could
use some cheering up.
Why would I need cheering up?
Just because my video is more popular
than that monkey flinging his poop?
- So, you spilled a little coffee.
- Or threw it.
I did not throw it!
Mm, in slo-mo, it kind of
looks like you might've.
Okay. I'm going to leave this
in case you want any later.
- None for you!
- Thanks, Ma.
Okay, turn that off or I will
throw Darlene's cake at you.
What do we know about Leroy?
Well...
Leroy was telling the truth.
He and Daniel were friends.
Leroy seems harmless. My
gut says he's no killer.
Yeah, me too.
But we're putting him in
lockup with a bunch of creeps.
All right, so let's get
him a psych eval, buy him
some time in the hospital.
At least he'll stay alive.
- Good idea.
- What about Frost and Frankie?
They come up with the murder weapon yet?
Not yet.
Stuff's coming into the crime
lab for processing, though.
Why don't we remove the pretty
rookie and they can get focused?
Another good idea.
I'll call it in.
[ police radio chatter ]
Echo 4-0-2.
I'm off on an L-20 here.
Frankie!
- Yeah.
- Frankie, look at this.
- What is it?
- I think Leroy made an E.M.P. gun.
An electromagnetic pulse gun?
Yeah, with an old-school approach.
- Does it work?
- I don't know.
Maybe we should find out.
[ chuckles ]
Echo 4-0-2.
I'm off on an L-20 here.
- Where you gonna aim it?
- Uh, definitely not at the houses.
Uh, maybe there?
Dispatcher: Echo 4-0-2.
They want you back...
Go for it.
Charlie: 10-4. On my way.
[ electricity crackles ]
Hello?
Ah, I think we just took out the
electrical systems in the cruisers.
Uh, that could be expensive.
Let's get back in the basement.
Oh, hey, you guys?
Uh, something just happened
to the radio in my car.
- Weird.
- Oh, that happens all the time.
Oh. Phew. [ chuckles ]
Thought I did something.
Just call the guys in the shop.
They'll take care of it.
Okay. Thanks.
Why don't you talk to him, nice lady?
- Hello, Leroy.
- Ah.
- Is that my stuff?
- Yes.
- Better all be there.
- It was all inventoried,
but why don't you check
through it to make sure?
I want to go home.
They're probably in there
right now, taking my things.
Mr. Grovner, you understand
you're not being released?
The judge has ordered
that you have an
evaluation at a hospital.
Yeah, 'cause they all
think I'm ... I'm crazy.
Everyone thinks I'm crazy.
I'm not crazy.
I believe you.
I'll do anything to prove
I didn't kill Daniel.
He wasn't stealing from
me. It was someone else.
Uh, can I borrow your notepad?
Thanks.
Mr. Grovner, why don't
you describe to me
the items that you're missing?
Um, my, uh, my circuit boards,
a-a-and an antique bird
cage, and hockey stuff.
- Circuit boards, antique?
- Yeah.
- Bird cage. Hockey equipment.
- Uh-huh.
My dad was an equipment
manager for a hockey team.
Saved all of it and gave
it to me before he died.
Yeah? Okay.
I'll file an incident report
And see if I can get
you your things back.
[ chuckles ]
- I'm ... I'm sorry.
- Why do you say that?
I thought that you weren't
a nice lady, but ... but you are.
Thank you.
Okay. Come on, Leroy.
You're gonna be just fine.
[ elevator bell dings ]
[ grunts ]
Rizzoli.
- Yes, sir.
- In my office ... now.
Is it too late to call in sick?
- You want a union rep?
- Why, do I need one?
Well... you might.
[ up-tempo music plays, siren wails ]
[ auto-tuned ]
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Someone's in a bad mood.
Just trying to get to work.
[ sighs ] Get away ... get away ...
get away from me.
Don't t-t-touch me.
B-b-b-b-bitch.
- It was an accident.
- Yeah, we all know that,
but that woman says you
gave her second-degree burns.
Oh, my god. [ scoffs ]
- We have to investigate you.
- What? Why?
Because she's filed a
police-brutality complaint against you.
- It's not the end of the world.
- Yeah, I know.
I'd be amazed if anybody
outside BPD even saw it.
It has 79,000 hits, Maura.
Well, I'll bet you
they're mostly Europeans.
Europeans?
[ dog whines ]
Hey, Coop.
Hey, Cooper. [ dog barks ]
Hey ... Coop, it's me.
What? [ whining ]
Cooper. He must be
picking up on your anxiety.
- My anxiety?
- Yeah, we're late for Mah-jongg.
- Wait, what ... what anxiety?
- Uh, come on, Cooper.
I'm not gonna let her spill
anything on you, I promise.
So, Ms. Billings is European?
Man: Oh, hey, look.
It's that cop that
throws coffee at people.
- Hey, all right, move along.
- Oh, yeah.
Do you throw doughnuts at
little kids on school buses, too?
Okay, that's harassment.
Oh, yeah?
Why don't you come arrest me?
No, ignore him. Come on.
I just want to take a shower.
Just want to take a shower.
That's it.
[ indistinct talking on television ]
Yo, sista.
Hey. [ sighs ]
Did Gilbert fix my water?
- Gil is cool.
- Tommy, did he fix my water?
I don't think so.
He had to take another
call, but he did do that.
Tommy! How could you let him do that?
There's a leak in the building, Jane.
It might even be black mold.
Think we'll have to
wear those mask thingies?
- I don't see any signs of mold.
- How am I supposed to take a shower?
Jane, come on.
You can stay at my place.
Gil was asking about you.
I think he likes you.
Swell.
Oh, oh, here it is. Here it is.
And if you think you've had a bad day,
be glad you're not Boston
Detective Jane Rizzoli,
who finds herself in hot water
after spilling scalding
coffee on a stranger.
- Is he? Is that?
- We talked to her brother
To find out if there
is more to this story.
Oh, Jane has a temper, all right.
Oh, yeah. When we were growing
up, nobody messed with us,
'cause if they did, Jane would
kick the crap out of them.
[ chuckles, clears throat ]
You did an interview in my apartment?
- Thought this was a condo.
- In my apartment?!
I-I mean, I said a lot
of nice things about you.
- Tommy!
- They must've cut them out.
Why would you ... get out.
Get out now! Get out now.
- Jane Rizzoli?
- Yes.
You've been served.
[ sighs ]
I can't ... I...
- She sued me.
- Goodbye.
Oh.
[ knock on door ]
Vince... thanks for coming.
- Sure. Is she here?
- Yep.
Upstairs taking a shower.
This lawsuit looks like a boiler plate.
Thought they filed it fast.
Boiler plate?
So, it's bullshit?
Sorry, I'm ... I'm upset.
You're right.
You never know what a jury will do.
- Poor Jane.
- You know, I liked it better
before the computer media cloud stuff.
Me, too.
You could have a conversation.
- You want some coffee?
- Love some.
- You want a little irish whiskey in it?
- Sure, but skip the coffee.
[ chuckles ]
Half a million bucks?
That's what she wants?
Can you believe it?
Vince, Jane doesn't
have that kind of money
unless she sells her condo.
It won't come to that.
She was on the job.
- The city has to cover legal costs.
- Well, I'm still gonna help her.
You're a good mom.
[ glasses clink ]
- Oh, I didn't know you were in here.
- My back hurts.
High cortisol levels from stress.
Why would I be stressed?
[ chuckles ]
Just a coffee-throwing
b-b-b-b-b-bitch.
Stop.
It was one moment in a life.
One moment caught on tape.
- Well, let it go. Ujjayi breath.
- "Ooh-jie" who?
It's a deep, cleansing breath.
Just focus on the present.
[ breathes deeply ]
[ cellphone vibrating ]
I'm trying, but you're vibrating.
[ chuckles ]
It's Susie. The particulate
found in the victim's
head wound was
fiber-reinforced polymer.
Is that animal, vegetable, or mineral?
Mineral. It's a fine mixture
of glass, carbon, and basalt.
- And what's that used for?
- High-tech applications.
It's used as a structural component
in everything from
skyscrapers to aircraft.
High-tech murder weapon.
Wonder if Leroy found something
and drug it into his basement.
You're a very good Detective.
And a very good person...
Once you've had your
coffee. [ chuckles ]
Yeah, I let the little
things get to me today.
We all do, Jane.
Just take a deep breath
and stay in the present.
[ breathes deeply ]
[ cellphone vibrating ]
Why does work always know
when I'm trying to stay in the present?
Rizzoli.
What? When?
All right, get two more
uniforms over there. Thanks.
What is it?
Somebody tried to break
into Leroy's basement.
[ elevator bell dings ]
- All right, thank you.
- Morning.
That was the sergeant
at the crime scene.
They kept the flood lights
on all night. So far, so good.
That's got to be our
killer, don't you think?
And what is so valuable in there
that you would risk getting caught?
Good thing the guys on
watch were paying attention.
Maybe Daniel was down there
looking for the same thing,
and that's why he's dead.
Who left these here?
I don't know, but they'll get
sick of teasing you pretty soon.
Ooh, it's still hot.
Thank you.
It's very thoughtful.
[ both chuckling ]
Did, uh, Frost and Frankie find anything
that could be the murder weapon?
Maybe. You said high-tech?
They found something.
CSRU is bringing it in for
Maura to have a look at.
[ cellphone vibrating ]
All right, this is Maura.
She's confirmed it's made of
fiber-reinforced polymer ...
the same stuff she found
in the victim's head wound.
- Sounds like our murder weapon.
- Yeah.
You want to be Claire or Maura?
Doesn't matter, as long as you
don't throw the other one at me.
[ chuckles sarcastically ]
[ chuckles ]
- Good one.
- Thank you.
- Korsak: Any idea what it is?
- I'm not sure.
It looks pretty small
to be the murder weapon.
It's not the murder weapon,
but it might be made
of the same materials.
Yeah. It's really light.
Stiffness and strength at a very
low weight. It's because of this.
You see the honeycomb-like structure?
Yeah, it looks like the marks
that were pounded into Daniel's head.
Now, what the hell is it?
You know, whatever it is,
it's made of highly complex
and a unique combination of materials.
You said high-tech applications?
- Mm-hmm.
- I mean, it's a long shot,
but what if we did a patent search,
find out what we're looking for?
Two days in a hoarder's basement.
I'm officially claustrophobic.
Ah, we're almost done.
I don't believe this.
B.O., number 4?
- Do you know whose skate this is?
- Can't be. No.
- It's the right size.
- Did we just find Bobby Orr's skate?
I think we did.
[ both chuckle ]
Hey, wait.
You remember that neighbor guy
who tried to bring us lemonade?
Yeah.
Yeah, and he had that story
about lending Leroy his hockey skates.
- What guy brings lemonade?
- You're right.
And if this really is Bobby Orr's skate,
it's crazy valuable.
What if Leroy's neighbor
was stealing something
from the basement when the
garbage man surprised him?
Maybe friendly neighbor
is really friendly
neighborhood murderer.
Which means we're looking
for the murder weapon
in the wrong house.
That's him ... Mac Hazlet.
He's quite the successful
e-bay entrepreneur.
Antiques, collectibles,
hockey memorabilia.
Started raking it in
about six months ago.
Leroy broke his hip six months ago.
Frost, see if you can find
the E.R. admissions report.
You thinking Mac discovered
Leroy's antiques road
show in his basement
- and started stealing his stuff?
- Yep.
Wow. Was Mac.
He's listed on the report.
Says he heard Leroy's cries
for help and called 911.
You know something?
Mac needs to pick on
someone his own age.
You sold Terry o'Reilly's hockey glove,
Phil Esposito's stick.
You just listed one
of Bobby Orr's skates.
The left one.
I wonder where the right one is.
Be a lot more valuable as a pair.
I'm a Big Bruins fan.
- Where do you find this great stuff?
- Um, uh, here and there.
Uh, flea markets, private collectors.
So, not next door in Leroy's basement?
[ chuckles ]
I took a few things.
I mean, you know, it was just
sitting there collecting dust.
I-I wanted to put it in the hands of
guys like you who really appreciate it.
Oh, that was really nice
of him, wasn't it, Sergeant?
Korsak: It sure was. What do you think
that murder weapon
you have would be worth
to somebody that collects
that kind of stuff?
What murder weapon?
The metal club you used
to kill the garbage man.
I didn't kill anybody.
Our colleagues are tearing
apart your house as we speak.
- You can't do that.
- A judge said we can.
You could make it easy on everyone.
Just tell us where the murder weapon is.
- I-I'm not telling you crap.
- You're under arrest for larceny.
7:59 A.M.
Do you know what that means?
It was one minute before 8:00?
- And what time do you go on duty?
- 8:00.
The good news is, this is no
longer a police-brutality case.
Oh, that is good news.
- What's the bad news?
- It's a civil matter.
And because you weren't on the clock,
the city's refusing to indemnify you.
You can't be serious.
So I'm on my own?
Look at that ... another 17 cents.
I wonder if F. Lee Bailey
will take your case now.
Mm.
If I tell him to shut up, do you
think he'll put it on youtube?
I wouldn't put it past him.
Okay, where's Maura?
I want to know what that lawyer said.
- [ sighs ] Well?
- I brought Matcha tea.
It's from Utashinai.
You want to try some?
Maura, what did he say?
[ coins rattle ]
Oh, look, another 50 cents.
Rizzoli, get over here
and help your customers.
- Yes, Mr. Stanley.
- Okay, just tell me what he said.
He said it would be expensive to defend.
- I just spilled coffee.
- I know.
It's a frivolous lawsuit,
but he looked at the video,
and if she has medical expenses
or compensatory damages ...
- For crying out loud.
- Just ... how much is it to hire him?
He wants a $25,000 retainer.
Oh, my god.
Maura, every cent I have is in my condo.
I know.
I could live in Leroy's basement.
Oh, come on. Let me help you.
You know, I'll just cash
out some mutual funds.
No. I can't take your money.
- [ auto-tuned ] Don't touch me.
- Don't look at that.
I can't believe I'm gonna
lose my home over this.
B-b-b-b-bitch.
Maura, look at her blouse.
They can manufacture
an artificial heart,
but they can't get a polyester
blend to drape properly.
No.
That.
You see it now?
Her blouse is repelling
the droplets of coffee.
Wait, that could be made
of a scald-proof nanofabric.
Help for the fashion-challenged.
Teflon-nanotube coating
is used on some textiles
- to produce scald-proof fabrics.
- So, she set it up.
She even had somebody
there to tape it.
You think she wanted
you to spill your coffee
so she could sue?
But how'd she know you were a cop?
- I'll be damned.
- What? What do you see?
Whirls and ridges.
Whoever videotaped it left a
fingerprint on the camera lens.
We should run that.
[ computer chimes ]
Yes!
Oh, yes!
I found the patent.
I know what this is.
It's a piece of a new type
of rotor blade from a drone.
- From a drone?
- Yeah. Manufactured by JFP.
Jarvis Flight Project.
That would explain
the honeycomb interior.
And the edge of the rotor blade
is consistent with the wound pattern.
How does a piece of a drone
end up in Leroy's basement?
Maybe he dragged it inside after
he shot it down with the bug zapper.
E.M.P. would destroy the
drone's electronic system ...
probably cause a power outage, too.
Yeah, but do we know if that even works?
- Oh, yeah. It works.
- Korsak: Really? How do you know that?
Well ...
Have anything to do
with the two cruisers
who got their brains
fried at the crime scene?
- I think I'll take the fifth.
- Hmm.
Drones can be used for
corporate espionage.
And Leroy was convinced that
he was being watched, spied on.
Spy on an old man's house
with a million-dollar drone?
Maybe they were spying
on the neighborhood.
Frontload Tech just moved
its R&D offices right nearby.
Yeah, but there would
be a ton of firewalls
to protect proprietary information.
[ beeping ]
Yeah, but look at all these houses sold.
Frost, who lives around Leroy?
Frontload Tech engineers.
A lot of them.
That's it. You take your
phone and your computer home.
If I wanted to steal, I would send
a drone, fly it over your home.
It was doing a war-drive ...
piggybacking on wi-fi networks
and downloading everything.
- Frost, look up JFP's website.
- Got it right here.
What else does JFP do?
They offer
intelligence-gathering services.
Look who's head of the division.
We saw him outside Leroy's
house at the standoff.
Jim Blackman ... former Navy Seal,
specializes in
military-intelligence gathering.
Said he was a neighbor.
Yeah, except he lives 20 miles away.
Could you track the drone sent
out back to Leroy's basement?
Yes. It had a GPS locator.
This is a picture of
Jim at the crime scene.
He told me he had to get to the office,
but he looks a hell of a lot
more interested about what's
going on inside Leroy's house
than he does in getting to work.
The break-in last night.
It was a huge risk, but
there must be something
inside that house that
ties him to the murder.
But what?
I mean, we went through everything.
What did Leroy have in his
pockets when we brought him in?
69 cents, package of
tums, a rabbit's foot.
And a miniature hard drive.
Can you punch in on that?
It's ... it's hard to see,
but I'm pretty sure it's stamped "JFP."
JFP ... Jim Blackman's
drone-manufacturing company.
We need to find Jim.
I'm gonna make sure Leroy's safe first.
Hey, this is Detective Rizzoli.
I need a status report on Leroy Grovner.
He's been released.
[ indistinct conversation in distance ]
Clear.
Leroy: Put it down ... please!
I don't know what you want.
- Jim: Where's the hard drive you stole?
- Stop it.
- Tell me where it is!
- Leave me alone!
- You're the reason your friend is dead.
- You shouldn't have killed Daniel.
And you shouldn't have shot
down my drone and taken it apart.
Now, where is it?
Where's the hard drive you stole?
- Police have it.
- You're a liar!
You tell me where it is
or you're a dead man.
Jim, it's over. Put the gun down.
No. Don't move or I'll
blow the old man's head off.
Let's all just calm down.
Like I said, Jim, it's over.
I'm not going down.
I'm gonna take you with me.
- What? With Leroy's shotgun?
- Damn straight.
Leroy, you load that
like you did before?
- Sure did.
- You're a military man, Jim.
You ought to recognize the difference
between live ammo and blanks.
[ breathing heavily ]
[ grunts ]
That's for Daniel, you miserable yo-yo.
[ coughs ] Come on, Jim.
Quit your whining.
Leroy, you okay?
All my stuff.
My whole ... my whole life.
- It's all ... it's all gone.
- I-it's not gone, Leroy.
We'll get your stuff back.
Yeah.
[ cellphone vibrates ]
We got a hit on that fingerprint.
You recognize that name?
Yeah. I sure do.
I was thinking desert tones
with a pop of cactus green.
What do you think?
I think you're a little too
far East for a Southwest decor.
- Especially in a historic building.
- Jane, I-I can explain.
To a judge. What?
You did this for my condo?
- That's crazy.
- It's even crazier to leave your
fingerprints on the camera lens,
and that's all over youtube, too.
It was, uh, Gil's idea.
I was happy living on the ground floor.
Oh, right.
[ mockingly ] "Baby, please,
could we convert the third floor?
"It's the nicest spot in the building.
Please, please, please?"
- I do not talk like that.
- You see what I'm dealing with? [ sighs ]
Okay. We'll get you separate cells.
You're under arrest for fraud.
I cannot believe I hooked up with you!
- Gil: You hooked up with me. Right.
- Oh...
Hold on, I want to show you something.
- Come here.
- What?
If I'm in it, I don't want to see it.
- I'm sorry.
- Why do you say that?
I-I thought you weren't a-a
nice lady, but ... but you are.
You know, we live in
a dual-party consent state.
I could sue you for secretly taping me.
Go ahead and try.
I have a good attorney.
- It has 11 hits, Maura.
- Give it some time.
What? For the "Europeans"
to discover it?
Okay, maybe we need to spice
it up, add a little music.
Yeah. We can dub in...
"b-b-b-b-bitch!"
That was good. I could rap for you.
[ sputtering ]
That's ... that's spitting.
That's ... that's not rapping.
- That's what they do.
- No. No.
Here. You're all right.
Got some [mutters]
Do I have ...
[ chuckles ]
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ addic7ed.com ~
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org